# Asp-Assignments

Author's name: Nihar Rajanikant Sadhu
Theme's name: Richest Human Alive

1) Added some html code to index.cshtml and edited it as per the rubric.

2) I created a folder named models and in which I created a c# file named RichHumans.

3) Using the terminal, I ran commands to install the EF Tools and NuGet packages to my
project that will allow me to run the scaffolding terminal commands.


The commands I ran:
dotnet tool uninstall --global dotnet-aspnet-codegenerator
dotnet tool install --global dotnet-aspnet-codegenerator
dotnet tool uninstall --global dotnet-ef
dotnet tool install --global dotnet-ef
dotnet add package Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.Design
dotnet add package Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.SQLite
dotnet add package Microsoft.VisualStudio.Web.CodeGeneration.Design
dotnet add package Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.SqlServer

4)CRUD pages generated by:

dotnet-aspnet-codegenerator razorpage -m RichHuman -dc RichestHumansAliveContext -udl -outDir Pages/Rich --referenceScriptLibraries -sqlite

5)sqlite generated:  dotnet-aspnet-codegenerator razorpage -sqlite

6)Created the initial database schema using EF's migration feature:
dotnet tool install --global dotnet-ef
dotnet ef migrations add InitialCreate
dotnet ef database update


Assignment 2

1) In the same repository I used for my previous assignment, I created a new branch and
named it Assignment 2.

2) Added a new string property in Models/RichHuman.cs named gender.
using: dotnet ef migrations add gender
        dotnet ef database update

3) Added a new int property in Models/RichHuman.cs named rank.
using: dotnet ef migrations add rank
        dotnet ef database update


4) Updated the database for the gender and rank property.

5) Added Validation Rules to properties in Models/RichHuman.cs
Using: dotnet ef migrations add New_DataAnnotations
        dotnet ef database update

6) Added the ability to search database data and the are able to
search 3 diferent strings at once.


Assignment 3

1) In the private GitHub repository that I used for assignments 1 and 2, I created a
new branch and named it Assignment 3.

2) Then, I Deleted all the files in the new branch except the .gitignore file.

3) Using the terminal I made a new blazor server.

4) I made variables in Pages/Index.razor for the approved theme, name, and the current date.

5) I made Data/Model.cs file and made a constructor and assigned 5 properties to them.

6) Added a component in side navigation in my application named Rich Humans.

7)Created Model.Razor and then added input boxes and binded them.

8)When button is clicked
a variable for model type is created, which will be added in the list.

9)All the properties is displayed on the page.